# WEB-SCRAPING-ASSIGNMENT-3
Write a python program which searches all the product under a particular product vertical from www.amazon.in. The product verticals to be searched will be taken as input from user. For e.g. If user input is ‘guitar’. Then search for guitars.
In the above question, now scrape the following details of each product listed in first 3 pages of your search results and save it in a data frame and csv. In case if any product vertical has less than 3 pages in search results then scrape all the products available under that product vertical. Details to be scraped are: "Brand Name", "Name of the Product", "Rating", "No. of Ratings", "Price", "Return/Exchange", "Expected Delivery", "Availability", "Other Details" and “Product URL”. In case, if any of the details are missing for any of the product then replace it by “-“.
Write a python program to access the search bar and search button on images.google.com and scrape 100 images each for keywords ‘fruits’, ‘cars’ and ‘Machine Learning’.
Write a python program to search for a smartphone(e.g.: Oneplus Nord, pixel 4A, etc.) on www.flipkart.com and scrape following details for all the search results displayed on 1st page. Details to be scraped: “Brand Name”, “Smartphone name”, “Colour”, “RAM”, “Storage(ROM)”, “Primary Camera”, “Secondary Camera”, “Display Size”, “Display Resolution”, “Processor”, “Processor Cores”, “Battery Capacity”, “Price”, “Product URL”. Incase if any of the details is missing then replace it by “- “. Save your results in a dataframe and CSV.
Write a program to scrap geospatial coordinates (latitude, longitude) of a city searched on google maps.
Write a program to scrap details of all the funding deals for second quarter (i.e. July 20 – September 20) from trak.in.
Write a program to scrap all the available details of best gaming laptops from digit.in.
Write a python program to scrape the details for all billionaires from www.forbes.com. Details to be scrapped: “Rank”, “Name”, “Net worth”, “Age”, “Citizenship”, “Source”, “Industry”.
Write a program to extract at least 500 Comments, Comment upvote and time when comment was posted from any YouTube Video.
Write a python program to scrape a data for all available Hostels from https://www.hostelworld.com/ in “London” location. You have to scrape hostel name, distance from city centre, ratings, total reviews, overall reviews, privates from price, dorms from price, facilities and property description
